# python_richforever
 # Python Developer Roadmap  Folks, Here are 10 important things to deep-dive into Python Developer Role!  Also, the items are listed in no particular order. You don't need to learn everything listed here, however knowing what you don't know is as important as knowing things.  ## **1. Learn the basics**   * Basic syntax   * Variable and data types   * Conditionals   * List, Tuples, Sets, Dictionaries   * Type Casting, Exception Handling   * Functions, Buitlin functions    ## **2. Advanced Core Python**   * Object Oriented Programming(OOP)   * Data Structures and Algorithms   * Regular Expressions   * Decorators   * Lambdas   * Modules   * Iterators    ## **3. Version Control Systems**    * Basic Git Usage    * Repo Hosting Services(GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket)  ## **4. Package Managers**  * PyPI  * PIP  ## **5. Learn Framework(Web Development)**    -  Synchronous Framework          - Django, Flask, Pyramid    -  Asynchrnous Framework          - Tornado, Sanic, aiohttp, gevent            ## **6. Desktop Applications**    * Tkinter    * PyQT    * Kivy   ## **7. Scraping**    - Web scraping is an idea that alludes to the way toward gathering and handling huge information from the web utilizing programming or calculation. Absolutely, scratching information from the web is a significant ability to have in case you’re an information researcher, developer, or somebody who examinations tremendous amounts of information.      - Python is a successful web scrapping programming language. Essentially, you don’t have to learn muddled codes in case you’re a Python master who can do numerous information creeping or web-scratching undertakings. Notwithstanding, the three most notable and usually utilized Python systems are Requests, Scrappy, and BeautifulSoup.      ## **8. Scripting**    - Python is a prearranged language since it utilizes a mediator to interpret and run its code. Also, a Python content can be an order that runs in Rhino, or it very well may be an assortment of capacities that you can import as a library of capacities in different contents.     - In web applications, specialists use Python as a “prearranging language.” Because it can computerize a particular arrangement of assignments and further develop execution. Accordingly, designers lean toward Python for building programming applications, internet browser destinations, working framework shells, and a few games.   **Python Scripting Tools You Can Implement Easily:**    - DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes, Gradle, and so on     - Framework Admin   ## 9. Artificial Intelligence / Data Science    - Shrewd engineers consistently lean toward Python for AI because of its countless advantages. Python’s creative libraries are one of the primary motivations to pick Python for ML or profound learning. Additionally, Python’s information taking care of limits is extraordinary not with standing its speed.   - Being exceptionally strong in ML and AI, Python is presently getting more foothold from different enterprises like travel, Fintech, transportation, and medical services.     Tools You Can Use For Python Machine Learning:              Tensorflow             PyTorch             Keras             Scikit-learn             Numpy             Pandas     ## 10. Ethical Hacking With Python   - Ethical hacking is the way toward utilizing complex instruments and strategies to recognize potential dangers and weaknesses in a PC organization. Python, quite possibly the most well-known programming dialect because of its huge number of instruments and libraries, is additionally utilized for moral hacking.     - It is so generally utilized by programmers that there are plenty of various assault vectors to consider. Additionally, it just takes little coding information, simplifying it to compose content.     - Tools  For Python Hacking             SQL infusion             Meeting seizing             Man in the Middle             Systems administration             IP Adress             Double-dealing    ###### Python is a programming language that has acquired prominence and is sought after. Additionally, Python developer’s interest has soar today, requiring information science with Python preparation. Thus, on the off chance that you have the chance to participate in element-related graphs and appreciate experience altogether, this work makes you fortunate in this field of programming.   ###### To close this Python developer roadmap empowers an develoepr to prevail in Python programming on the off chance that you achieve the information and an essential comprehension of the field.
